---
layout: "course_page"

title: "Planning"

---

<div class="text-center screen-title">
Planning
</div>

<div class="screen-content">
  <p>
When creating your own OERs, the idea and the process of creation are both important – to make the experience pleasant and easy, remember a few key points:  </p>

  <p>
  <ol>
<strong><li class="number">Find an ally</li></strong>
    <p>Talk to one, two, or three people or teachers are your school, or perhaps through a Facebook group. Tell them about your idea. Invite them to experiment with you. Test out how your lesson plans and exercises work in real life. If you decide to work alone, remember to later share your work (ex. on social media).</p>

<strong><li class="number">Plan your time</li></strong>
    <p>JIf you’re working in a group, decide how much time you can dedicate. Group work, especially at the beginning, requires more time. You’ll also need to decide how you’ll be meeting (in-person or online).</p>

<strong><li class="number">Select your tools and communication methods</li></strong>
    <p>Create a <a class="content-link" target="_blank" href="https://www.google.com/docs/about/">Google Doc</a>, <a class="content-link" target="_blank" href="https://padlet.com/">Padlet</a> or other tool that you like and will help you when working on the educational resource. If you’re working alone, decide whether you want to save it on your computer, or whether it’s better to be able to access it in multiple places. Think about communication channels as well. At EduCoop, we decided to use  <a class="content-link" target="_blank" href="https://slack.com/">Slack</a>. </p>

<strong><li class="number">Create a goal</li></strong>
    <p>Think about whether you’ll be creating individual exercises, or a larger resource. You should also decide the target audience (students with learning disabilities, or perhaps parents who want to help their children with learning?). </p>

<strong><li class="number">Plan your method of publication</li></strong>
    <p>When the resource is ready, think about whether you’d like to publish it on the school website, your own blog, an educational portal, or maybe on Facebook or Instagram?</p>

<strong><li class="number">Select a license</li></strong>
    <p>This can factor into what tools and materials you can use in your own work.
</p>
</ol>
  </p>  

</div> 
